LocBoxQuizP2
============

Problem 2 In this exercise, you will take advantage of AirBnB’s JSON interface to identify the list of properties at a given city, as well as their availability in the next 7 days.  There are two parts to this exercise.  Part 1: Retrieve the appropriate data, and output a table as follows (it can be in stdout, as an html page, etc), where an X means the property is not available on the day:   8/2 8/3 8/4 8/5 8/6 8/7 8/8 Property1  X X     Property2   X X X X X Property3 X  X    X   Part 2: Design a data model to represent this data. As you retrieve it from AirBnB, store it in a database/persistent storage of your choice. Your model should allow you to efficiently run a query for “which properties are available from 8/5 to 8/7”, and return Property1 and Property3.  For this part, you should add a function that takes the start/end date as input, and return the properties available for the given duration.   We at LocBox love Ruby, but feel free to use a language you are most familiar with. Feel free to include a brief explanation of any simplifying assumptions you made, or how you would you improve it if you had more time.  Input: City name (eg “Raleigh, NC”) API: You should be able to go to airbnb.com, run a query, and figure out the URL end point and necessary parameters.  As of writing, it looks like this: https://www.airbnb.com/search/ajax_get_results?search_view=1&amp;min_bedrooms=0&amp;min_bathrooms=0&amp;min_beds=0&amp;page=1&amp;location=Raleigh%2C+NC&amp;checkin=05%2F01%2F2013&amp;checkout=05%2F12%2F2013&amp;guests=1&amp;sort=0&amp;keywords=&amp;price_min=&amp;price_max=&amp;per_page=21  Note that you’ll need to use https and you might need to supply these headers for the request to go through: Accept = application/json X-Requested-With = XMLHttpRequest
